Support to serve vLLM on Kubernetes with LWS (#4829)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/serving/deploying_with_lws.rst

.. _deploying_with_lws:

Deploying with LWS
============================

> LeaderWorkerSet (LWS) is low level API aims to address common deploy patterns of AI/ML inference workloads,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LeaderWorkerSet (LWS) is a Kubernetes API that aims to address common deploy patterns of AI/ML inference workloads. A major use case it aims to enable is multi-host/multi-node distributed inference.
```

especially designed for multi-host distributed inference needs.

vLLM can be deployed with `LWS <https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lws>`_ on Kubernetes for distributed model serving.

> Please see `this guide <https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lws/tree/main/docs/examples/vllm>`_ for more details on using vLLM with LWS.

Reviewer 2: this link is a 404

Reviewer: The correct link is https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lws/tree/main/docs/example/vllm

Author: It will take effect after https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lws/pull/145, sorry for the confusion.

> Please see `this guide <https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lws/tree/main/docs/examples/vllm>`_ for more details on using vLLM with LWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see `this guide <https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lws/tree/main/docs/examples/vllm>`_ for more details on deploying vLLM on Kubernetes using LWS.
```
